What the fuck are you talking about?
Rodney's death, no, that was an accident.
Cut the lives.
A sudden spike in potassium chloride can alter the heart rate.
And even though it's absorbed relatively quickly,
hair spills secrets, Daniel.
Get the fuck out of my office.
You know, I almost forgot.
I'm a kept-a-lock for dad's hair before the funeral.
You owe me, you don't forget it.
Do you think he'll take the bait?
Well, he's definitely feeling the pressure, that's for sure.
What's him?
Daniel's clearly freaking out right now.
It's just a little test.
If he stays and investigates,
he's gonna know that I was bluffing.
Even if we link him to dad's death,
we need more to put him away.
Once we leak him, that was the killer.
We'll figure it out.